README.md, before:

<!-- Who am I?-->
Hello there and welcome! 
I'm Josh, a full-stack engineer based in Utah, recently graduated with a degree in Computer Science from Weber State University, and looking for opportunities to get outside my comfort zone and grow.

<!-- What am I working on? -->
---
Looking to contribute to some open-source projects as well as continue working on a few personal projects I have:
  - RON (A web scraper web extension with AI integration)
  - A Recipe and food app to help users with allergies
  - BitCrypt, a fun interactive game that will be coming soon.

In addition, I teach a Web Development course with SLTech. If you are interested in learning web development and trying out our courses, contact me! 
If you need a custom website for yourself or your business again, please contact me!


<!-- What tools do I use? -->
---
I primarily use the MERN (MongoDB, Express, React, Node) stack for development. I also have experience with other languages: Java, JavaScript, Python, C#, and PHP. I can also use WordPress to build sites.

<!-- What am I currently learning? -->
---
Here are some ways I'll be leveling up my skills in 2026

Udemy Courses
- AI Engineer Core Track 
- Java Spring Framework 

<!-- How to contact me? -->
Contact me via my personal website at jaustin.netlify.app or through any social media account listed

Commit message:

Update README with 2026 learning goals
Added goals for learning TypeScript, Next.js, and AWS.

README.md, after:

<!-- Who am I?-->
Hello there and welcome! 
I'm Josh, a full-stack engineer based in Utah, recently graduated with a degree in Computer Science from Weber State University, and looking for opportunities to get outside my comfort zone and grow.

<!-- What am I working on? -->
---
Looking to contribute to some open-source projects as well as continue working on a few personal projects I have:
  - RON (A web scraper web extension with AI integration)
  - A Recipe and food app to help users with allergies
  - BitCrypt, a fun interactive game that will be coming soon.

In addition, I teach a Web Development course with SLTech. If you are interested in learning web development and trying out our courses, contact me! 
If you need a custom website for yourself or your business again, please contact me!


<!-- What tools do I use? -->
---
I primarily use the MERN (MongoDB, Express, React, Node) stack for development. I also have experience with other languages: Java, JavaScript, Python, C#, and PHP. I can also use WordPress to build sites.

<!-- What am I currently learning? -->
---
Here are some ways I'll be leveling up my skills in 2026

Udemy Courses
- AI Engineer Core Track 
- Java Spring Framework

I have goals to learn TypeScript, Next.js, and AWS for Cloud Computing this year!

<!-- How to contact me? -->
Contact me via my personal website at jaustin.netlify.app or through any social media account listed
